Here are 20 everyday commands for using a bottle warmer robotically powered by the given simulator. Each command includes a target value for two variables:

1. Turn on the bottle warmer and set the quick warm function for a glass bottle with 2 oz of refrigerated milk. Adjust the time to 3 minutes.
2. Power on the bottle warmer and use the slow warm function for an 8 oz glass bottle of room temperature milk. Set the slow warm setting to HI.
3. Turn the bottle warmer on and use the defrost function for a frozen item. Adjust the defrost time to 5 minutes.
4. Switch the bottle warmer on, select the sterilize function, and set the cycle time to 20 minutes using 130 ml of water.
5. Turn on the appliance and use the steam cooking function for a pear. Set the steam time to 7 minutes.
6. Power the bottle warmer on and set to the quick warm function for a plastic bottle with 3 oz of room temperature milk. Adjust the time to 3 minutes.
7. Turn on the bottle warmer and use the slow warm function for a 5 oz glass bottle of refrigerated milk. Set the setting to LO.
8. Activate the bottle warmer, choose the defrost function, and set the time required to 8 minutes for thawing.
9. Power on the bottle warmer and use the sterilizing function with pacifiers. Set the time for 15 minutes.
10. Switch the appliance on and steam carrots. Adjust the steam time to 18 minutes.
11. Turn the warmer on and set the quick warm function for 3 oz of refrigerated milk in a glass bottle. Set the time to 4 minutes.
12. Turn on the bottle warmer, use the slow warm function for a 9 oz bottle of milk, and choose the HI setting.
13. Activate the appliance, defrost a frozen chicken piece, and set the defrost time to 9 minutes.
14. Power on the bottle warmer, select the sterilize function for small baby utensils, and set the sterilize time to 10 minutes.
15. Turn on the bottle warmer and steam a pumpkin. Set the steam time to 18 minutes.
16. Use the quick warm function on the bottle warmer for a 2 oz plastic bottle of room temperature milk. Set the time to 3 minutes.
17. Turn the warmer on and use the slow warm function with a setting of LO for a 6 oz bottle of milk.
18. Switch on the bottle warmer, opt for the defrost function, and set the time to 7 minutes for thawing frozen breast milk.
19. Activate the appliance to sterilize an empty bottle. Set the time to 20 minutes using 130 ml of water.
20. Power on the bottle warmer and steam a peach, setting the steam time to 12 minutes.

Note: Each command assumes the appliance is initially turned off and no prior setup from a previous command is carried over.
