Set the temperature to 98°C for boiling, then unlock the dispenser to allow water flow. The total number of variables is less than 3.

Adjust the water temperature to 85°C for green tea, and enable the timer afterwards.

Select 60°C to mix milk, then turn off the cleaning function.

Set the dispenser to 60°C, then make sure it is unlocked for use. The total number of variables is less than 3.

Choose 98°C as the boiling temperature, then activate the reduce chlorine function. The total number of variables is less than 3.

Set the temperature to 85°C, followed by deactivating the cleaning mode. The total number of variables is less than 3.

Set water to boil at 98°C, then unlock the dispenser to prepare for pouring. The total number of variables is less than 3.

First, select 60°C as the temperature, then activate the cleaning cycle.

Begin by setting the temperature to 85°C, and then enable the timer. The total number of variables is less than 3.

Set it to 60°C for baby formula, and then unlock the dispenser. The total number of variables is less than 3.

Start with 98°C for boiling, and afterwards disable the timer setting.

Choose 85°C for Oolong tea, then unlock the dispenser for use. The total number of variables is less than 3.

Begin by setting it to 60°C for herbal tea, then turn off the reduce chlorine feature. The total number of variables is less than 3.

Set the boiling temperature to 98°C, then enable cleaning mode.

Choose to maintain 85°C, then ensure the reduce chlorine function is off. The total number of variables is less than 3.

Start by selecting 60°C, then turn on the cleaning function.

Set the water temperature to 98°C for boiling, then unlock the dispenser. The total number of variables is less than 3.

Adjust the temperature to 60°C, then turn off the timer setting. The total number of variables is less than 3.

Begin by choosing 85°C for coffee preparation, then switch on the reduce chlorine mode.

Set the dispenser to 60°C, and make sure it is unlocked for easy pouring. The total number of variables is less than 3.

